KI: ButtonState shapes in Visual Overview fail to hide as expected (#3567)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Troubleshooting/Known_issues/KI_ButtonState_shapes_in_Visual_Overview_fail_to_hide_as_expected.md

---
uid: KI_ButtonState_shapes_in_Visual_Overview_fail_to_hide_as_expected
---

# ButtonState shapes in Visual Overview fail to hide as expected

## Affected versions

- DataMiner 10.4.8, if your Cube client does not have internet access.

> - Cube clients that have been enforced to use Cube version 10.4.2425.2536 or lower, which can be configured using the *Force a specific version* setting in *System Center* > *System settings* > *Manage client versions*.

Reviewer: 10.4.2425.2536 is the version in which the issue is fixed, so it are the versions lower than this one, will be 10.4.2425.2072 in most cases

Author: ```suggestion
- Cube clients that have been enforced to use a Cube version prior to 10.4.2425.2536, which can be configured using the *Force a specific version* setting in *System Center* > *System settings* > *Manage client versions*.
```

## Cause

The method of displaying images in Visual Overview was modified to prevent freezes. However, during this change, an oversight occurred, leading to a rendering fault specifically affecting *ButtonState* shapes.

## Fix

- For Cube clients without internet access:

  1. Request an upgrade package from an Administrator working on a DMS that has not been impacted by this issue.

>   1. Manually upgrade your DMA using the provided package. See [Upgrading a DataMiner Agent](xref:Upgrading_a_DataMiner_Agent).

Reviewer: There currently is no upgrade package currently that has a fix, the revert will be part of the 10.4.9 upgrade package

---
uid: KI_ButtonState_shapes_in_Visual_Overview_fail_to_hide_as_expected
---

# ButtonState shapes in Visual Overview fail to hide as expected

## Affected versions

- DataMiner 10.4.8, if your Cube client does not have internet access.

- Cube clients that have been enforced to use a Cube version prior to 10.4.2425.2536, which can be configured using the *Force a specific version* setting in *System Center* > *System settings* > *Manage client versions*.

## Cause

The method of displaying images in Visual Overview was modified to prevent freezes. However, during this change, an oversight occurred, leading to a rendering fault specifically affecting *ButtonState* shapes.

## Fix

No fix is available yet.

<!--

RN 40454:

- For Cube clients without internet access:

  1. Request an upgrade package from an Administrator working on a DMS that has not been impacted by this issue.

  1. Manually upgrade your DMA using the provided package. See [Upgrading a DataMiner Agent](xref:Upgrading_a_DataMiner_Agent).

> - For clients enforced to use a version older than 10.4.2425.2536:

Reviewer: Would probably still be valuable to instruct on how to unforce a Cube version as this will then pull the fix automatically, With the previous comment I meant that there is currently no full dataminer upgrade package availiable which contains the Cube fix. So for non online clients, there is no fix, for online clients with forced version, the fix is to unforce the version

Author: I've added the instructions as a workaround.
